Wang Ming, I am
Hello Wang Ming
We checked
Your company under Song Shoukang's name
Did you make false accounts without permission?
And hide it from Song Shoukang
Tax evasion for companies
Your account has been frozen.
The next step is to wait for the inspection results.
Please come with us first. What?
I trust you so much
Dad, what happened?
Your uncle Wang has something to do
Don't worry about questioning
So what's up?
What do children care about adults?
Hey.
So here's the thing.
I'll tell you the truth.
Since Butler Wang entered
I live in that kind of heart every day
It was like crushing a rock.
Now I finally have an explanation
Don't worry.
I will turn myself in
Surrender
Why surrender?
We can obviously be happy enough
Our happiness
Is built on the pain of others